TCS question:-

Write a program to arrange the array in ascending order and find the exact sum = 230  { 7, 163,2,19,3,225,229}
Find circular rotation of an array.
wap to find area of a circle.

Tcs interview experience (PRIME) -
    Python - 
    what is docstring
    What is difference b/w break, continue and pass
    What is the use of numpy
    What is pip
    Diff b/w modules and packages
    List all the inheritance in python 
    What is hybrid inheritance 
    2 codes -
    Prime number
    Reverse a number
    SQL -
    use of group by and order by
    What is indexing 
    Types of indexing 
    Which type is preferred 
    Diff between delete and truncate 
    Which one is permanent.
    What is cross sectional join 
    How many rows will be created with 8 row and 10 row tables when cross sectional join is applied 
    More basic SQL questions 
    2 queries-
    2nd maximum salary
    Self join
    
    As I am from ECE-
    Lots of questions were asked from my core subjects.
    
    My project is based on deep learning and AI models
    So NLP, types of NLP, NLP algorithms and many questions related to project 
    
    MR-
    Gave certain situations and expected answers.
    Being a good graded ece student why you want it job .
    Some questions related to hobbies and sports.

Nomura :-

Imp Subjects: Java, OOPs, DSA, DBMS, SQL
(High chances are that they will ask you for your fav subject and ask question mostly from
that, in my case I mentioned OOPs and Java as the prog. lang.)
---
Technical Interview
1. Introduce yourself.
2. State the features of OOPs and explain each one with an example.
3. Write a program demonstrating Polymorphism and explain it. (I gave an example of
Overriding.)
4. Do you know about Keys? PK, FK, etc.? – Define them (a small example will help).
5. How many types of Joins are there? Name them.
6. Do you know about normalization? Why do we perform normalization?
7. Given a table named “Student” with columns “name”, “college”, “country” and example
entries: “ABC, STCET, INDIA”, “XYZ, STCET, INDIA”. You can see the data is redundant
here. How will you remove this redundancy and make it memory efficient? (He may not
mention the ‘normalize’ keyword.)
8. Write a program to add two numbers without using the plus (+) or increment (++)
operators (meaning without using arithmetic operators). [Ans: Use Bitwise operators.]
9. Have you heard about Web Technology, API, Artificial Intelligence?
10. Define AI.
11. Regarding API, I briefly discussed my project where an API was used.
12. What projects are you interested in doing for your final year?
13. Do you have any questions for me? (Ask the interviewer a light professional question; it
gives a good impression.)


Director Interview
1. Introduce yourself.
2. What are your favourite subjects? (I mentioned only OOPs.)
3. How long have you known this subject?
4. Why is the OOPs concept used?
5. What are the features/pillars of OOPs?
6. Explain all the features with just one example.
7. Which data structure do you often use? (I said Queue.)
8. Where have you implemented a queue? (I said BFS.)
9. How is a Queue used in BFS? Explain in detail. (Working of BFS with Queue)
10. If I ask you to write a program, in which language would you write it? (I said Java.)
11. Create a class named Measurement with member variables unit and value, e.g., unit=km,
value=10. Write a method to add the value of other Measurement objects if they have the
same unit. [Ans: Use Exception if the units don’t match.]
12. After I wrote a user-defined exception in the code, he asked:
 a. Why have you used an exception here?
 b. Is there any other way to handle this?
 c. Why have you written `throws` in the method signature?
 d. What happens if you do not use `throws`?
 e. This user-defined exception that you have written, is it a runtime or compile-time
exception?
 f. Which other runtime exception have you experienced? (I said
ArrayIndexOutOfBoundException)
 g. Why does this exception occur?
 h. What have you done to handle this exception so that your program runs smoothly?
13. Question about my project – How is the API integrated into your project?
14. What does your project do? (I briefly explained the working.)



HR Interview
1. Why NRIFT?
2. What are your interests?
3. What are your project interests?
4. How many members are there in your family?
5. What did you learn from participating in the Hackathon? (I had participated in a
Hackathon.)
6. What are your plans for future studies?
7. Do you have any questions for me?
